If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you travel to?
Who is your best friend?
What would your perfect day consist of?
What is your favorite memory ?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
If you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would you meet?
What is your dream job?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What was your favorite book when you were little?
What is your earliest memory?
What is the first thing on your bucket list?
Would you rather live on the beach or in the mountains?
If you could star in any movie, what movie would it be?
What do you usually do after school?
What are your hobbies?
Do you play any video games? Which ones?
Do you play any sports? Which ones?
Do you collect anything? What is it?
Do you play any musical instruments? Which one?
What do you like to do most during the weekends?
What type of music do you listen to?
What is your favorite song at the moment?
Do you like reading books? What’s the last book you read?
What is something that you like to do when you're bored?
Who is your favorite actor/actress?
What is something that you feel passionately about in life?
How would describe your perfect day?
What talents or skills do you have?
Do you speak any other languages? Which ones?
Where is your favorite place to hang out? What do you like about it?
If you could marry any celebrity in the world, who would it be?
Is there anyone you have a crush on right now?
What do you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
At your school, are there a lot of people who are in romantic relationships?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
Are you dating someone right now?
Would you rather date someone older or younger than you?
Do you think you might like to get married some day?
What is your ultimate goal in life?
What scares you the most about the future?
What is your dream job?
What are your plans for the future?
Do you have a bucket list? What are the top two or three things on that list?
Do you have any role models? Who are they, and why do you look up to them?
What do you plan to do after you graduate from school?
At what age would you like to live on your own?
What do you think your life would look like 10 years from now?
What do you think the world will be like 25 years from now?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What do you usually eat for lunch at school?
Which is your favorite meal of the day?
What is your favorite restaurant?
If you could have an unlimited supply of any food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
What is the weirdest food you have ever eaten? Where and when did you eat it?
What was the last thing that you bought with your own money?
What do you usually buy with your allowance money?
Do you think it’s important to save for a rainy day?
If someone gave you $1,000 and said you had to give it to charity, which charity would you choose and why?
If you won the lottery, what would you do with the money?
